Can you look at this page

https://gemlaunch.io/create-launchpad

I need the exact style used as a reference, we need a referral and leaderboard pages.

I need to also make sure to have it track every action on the gemlaunch platform

I need to look at all the smart contracts and think about which functions acumulate what amount of points.

For example simply making a token, would be fewer points than funding a fair-launch or presale.
Also monetary based and volume based contributions would contribute to a users points.

Also referrals would give points and a very small % of all the points acrued by rederees, this can be sybil farmed though so it can't be too much.

rather than starting with mock data can you check on-chain for the wallets that have s far interacted with Gemlaunch? What would you need?

I want build this for real and not just create a mock up for someone else to build.

It will be a sidebar page in among the existing pages.

We have a mascot too, please make sure it is easy add images, since Replit has isues with this.

My developers will integrate this into the gemlaunch website if you do a good job with this.

I need hidden page for adjusting the points for given tasks.

Please look at all the things a user can do
https://gems-organization-1.gitbook.io/gemlaunch

This is the docs, showing all the features.

Remember this leaderboard will be used to calculate an airdrop.


Make the leaderboard look cool but make sure it is on brand.

We need to add acolades for points boosters, like x number of sucusful token launches via presale/fairlaunch/dutch action. Accolades give a bulk points bonus and a toniy % boost ongoing.

Points are rounded to the nearest 1

Top 10 at the end will be awarded additionally so.

We want to encourage communities to come on board, their leader if you will will join from their referral links.

It is all about brining new communities to gemlaunch and encourage people to start using the platform and reward them in a few months when we release the token.

This is why on-chain tracking is needed. we need to watch all in-app on chain transactions or interactions on the BNB chain so you will need to integrate on-chain tracking functionality